listen I got a bunch of requests for
this new Netflix movie about a girl
named Sierra Burgas and how she's a
loser and I mean I get why Netflix
picked it up y'all know I don't mind the
cheesy rom-com right but this one this
one was so bad the people searching up
the movie got the wrong title and assume
she wasn't just a loser but a big loser
and I kind of agree let me explain so in
some way this is supposed to be a modern
retelling of a French play from the
1800s where a high school girl struggles
to be relevant in school her parents are
like geniuses who hit a big as a writer
and a motivational speaker
so Sierra's just a mist of their
successes she's always getting bullied
her only friend is Earl while she's the
dying girl she's so bad that the top
Google tag for her own movie is cringe
worthy yet her biggest nemesis is this
chick named Veronica who's so mean
the queen bee in the plastics would have
been like chill visit her free break the
mirror that's where Peter Kaminski comes
in who's a star quarterback for the
rival school but my man's trying to spit
his game at the same diner from his
previous movie but evil gillian jacobs
junior over here plays him by giving him
Sierra's number instead my man doesn't
know he's getting played so at this
point I was actually feeling bad for
Sierra because she's getting used and
Peter because he gets baited in every
movie that he's in but it's once a year
it goes along with it and starts
pretending she's actually Veronica where
I went heroes where they start hitting
it off like most catfishes do dudes
taking constipated selfies they spend
hours on the phone he truly starts
falling in love with her when she gets
hit with the big question somehow her
and Veronica made a deal with each other
that Veronica needs tutoring so the real
Veronica was gonna help her out and she
decides to do the FaceTime call with her
while Sierra's on the other end of the
camera telling her what to say it's like
it's like black clans vote without the
racial repercussions at this point it's
clear that Sierra Burgas is a loser
right but for all of those who are like
no you got to give a girl a chance you
don't know how difficult it is she does
this
um
your name is pizza uh sure you guys
are not gonna believe this but uh this
is my brother ty and he's deaf too girl
if that wasn't bad enough right Peter
goes on a date with the real Veronica
and Sierra decides to supervise from
under a car and then decides to do what
listen your woman needs to learn about
consent
how do you not tell the difference
between Vanna White's hands and the
Michelin's my man here is being using he
has no idea what's going on right like
Bruno this is why you got a look Wow
what they owe speaking of rape they end
up going to this party where Veronica
and not only gets used by her real
boyfriend but there's this there's this
random shot where this happens I love
your poodle Monica then ends up on Mars
when her boyfriend dumps her over diem
and she runs to see her at events about
it because she knows that she can trust
her with her deepest darkest secrets
Ciara releases her deepest darkest
secrets thing is is that Ciara catches
Veronica getting a taste of the goods
and so she decides to hack Veronica's
Instagram account and post that private
screenshot and it's like girl that's
illegal stealing your man aids here I
was wrong
didn't get this weirdo who plugs in his
iPhone to a surface pro if that's even
possible and he projects the picture up
on the jumbotron for all to see Peter
catches a glimpse of it and then gets
hit with all this information are you
cheating on me with response no Jamie
I'm not I'm not who you think I am she's
not who you think she is she's been
pretending to me and I
he hits somewhat that that be gone these
thoughts be split and Earl reminds her
everything falls apart and then it just
doesn't somehow this turns into a high
school musical where Ciara fixes
everything with a song since earlier in
the movie Veronica told her that she
liked her voice and Peter who just got
catfished by two people gets shown the
song and then decides to ask her to prom
you're my type you are exactly my type
how by the end of it you realize that it
doesn't matter how much of a messed up
person you are right you can be pretty
you can be not pretty as long as you can
sing and Miley offend one subgroup you
might get your own Netflix original show
thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section I know
a lot of you guys like this I'm not one
to get offended by really anything I
only get offended when it doesn't
deliver when it's not as funny so that's
what I'm gonna tell you can't have it
both ways right you can't make a
character you know you want them to be
likeable and they do unlikable things
like you gotta get all the way right are
they a likable person are they
completely despicable you got it you
gotta go all the way with it on that
occasion of your thoughts any other ones
you want me to cover don't forget to
comment like and subscribe or you'll end
up in the upside down with Barb's